Remove dawgs (#9)
ansible-community/meetings: README.md

A GitHub repository for the shared Ansible community Working group meeting calendar

> **NOTE - Working group calendars are moving to the [Ansible Forum Events Calendar](https://forum.ansible.com/c/events/8). In the Forum, you can select which working groups you want to attend and click the `...` button to add to your personal calendar.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE - Working group calendars are moving to the [Ansible Forum Events Calendar](https://forum.ansible.com/c/events/8). In the forum, you can select which working groups you want to attend and click the `...` button to add to your personal calendar.**
```

> This repository replaces the meeting logic in https://github.com/ansible/community/tree/main/meetings, but is being phased out in place of the shared Ansible Events calendar in the Ansible Forum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository replaces the meeting logic in https://github.com/ansible/community/tree/main/meetings but is being phased out and replaced by the shared Ansible events calendar in the Ansible forum.
```

> Most Ansible Working group meetings are held in [Matrix](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/community/communication.html#ansible-community-on-matrix) rooms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most Ansible working group meetings are held in [Matrix](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/community/communication.html#ansible-community-on-matrix) rooms.
```

> See this list of [official working groups](https://forum.ansible.com/g) or [Forum Events calendar](https://forum.ansible.com/c/events/8) to find the matrix room or other meeting details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See this list of [official working groups](https://forum.ansible.com/g) or the [events calendar](https://forum.ansible.com/c/events/8) to find the Matrix room or other meeting details.
```

## Schedule

> **NOTE** As we are transitioning away from this calendar, check the [Forum Events calendar](https://forum.ansible.com/c/events/8) for additional meetings that have already moved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE** As we are transitioning away from this calendar, check the [events calendar](https://forum.ansible.com/c/events/8) for additional meetings that have already moved.
```

The Ansible Core team is no longer holding scheduled meetings.

> Please feel free to engage the the Core team in the [Forum](https://forum.ansible.com/tags/c/help/6/all/ansible-core) or on [Matrix](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/community/communication.html#ansible-community-on-matrix).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please feel free to engage the the Ansible core team in the [forum](https://forum.ansible.com/tags/c/help/6/all/ansible-core) or on [Matrix](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/community/communication.html#ansible-community-on-matrix).
```
